What do you— what do you think of this f-flying vehicle, Morty? I built it out of stuff I found in the garage.
Morty... I had to— I had to do ih... I had t— I had— I had to make a bomb, Morty. I had to create a bomb.
We're gonna drop it down there, just... get a whole fresh start, Morty. Create a whole fresh start.
Come on, Morty, just take it easy, Morty, it's gonna be good. Right now, we're gonna go pick up your little friend Jessica.
When I drop the bomb, I wa— [chugs booze] Y'know, I want you to have somebody, y'know... I want you to have the thing—I'm gonna make you like a new Adam and Eve, and you're gonna be Adam—
And Jessica's gonna be Eve. [Morty croaks out] That's-that's the surprise, Morty.
I-I get what you're trying to say, M-Morty. Listen, I'm not your— you don't gotta worry about me tryin' to... fool around w-with Jessica... mess around with Jessica or anything, I'm... I'm not that kinda guy, Morty.
You-you-you don't have to worry about me getting with Jessica or anything. She... she-she-she-she's all for you, Morty.
Y'know what, Morty, you're right. Let's forget the girl altogether, sh-she's probably nothing but trouble anyways. [presses button]
Get off— get offa me, Morty! Come on!
Wha-what's gotten into you?!
If you love her so much, why don't you... marry her?!
What're you, crazy?!
Alright, alright, Morty! Alright, alright, I'll... I'll land, I'll land, I'll land, I'll land the thing, I'll land the thing. Big tough guy all of a sudden.
[shoots portal] There she is. Alright, c'mon, Morty, let's go.
It's Dimension 35C, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of— TREE, Morty! Called the Megatree! And there's fruit in those trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. I'm talking about Megaseeds, th—ther—they're incredib-bl-ly powerful and I need 'em to help them with my research, Morty.
Alright, alright, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You lookin' around and it's all scary and different, but y'know... m-meeting them head-on, charging into 'em like a bull—that's how we grow as people. I'm no stranger to scary situations, I deal with them all the time. Now if you just stick with me, Morty— [a horrific alien monstrosity approaches behind] we're gonna be— HOLY CRAP, MORTY, RUN!! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE, MORTY, RUN!! I-I'VE NEVER SEEN THAT THING BEFORE IN MY LIFE, MORTY, I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THE HELL IT IS!! WE-WE GOTTA GET HERE, MORTY, IT GONNA KILL US!!! WE'RE GONNA DIE, MORTY!!! WE'RE GONNA DIE!!!
Full disclosure, Morty — it's not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the Megaseeds dissolving in your rectal cavity.
Yeah. And once those seeds weahh-wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills and... you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, Morty. [checks arm watches] Starting ruh-ight about now.
I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come. And I needed those seeds real bad and I have to give 'em up just to get your parents off my back! So now we're gonna have to go get more! And then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that, Morty. And you're gonna keep your mouth shut about it, Morty! Because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important, and they'll tear us apart, Morty! But if you stick with me, I'm gonna accomplish great things, Morty, and you're gonna be part of 'em. And together we're gonna run around, Morty, we're gonna- do all of kinds of wonderful things, Morty. Just you and me, Morty.
The outside world is our enemy, Morty! We're the only fehh-friends we got, Morty! It's just Rick and Morty! Ruh-ick and Morty and their adventures, Morty! Rick and Morty forever and forever, 100 years, Rick and Morty's things! Me and Rick and Morty running around and... Rick and Morty time! All day long, forever... all- a hundred days! Rick and Morty forever a hundred times! Over and over, rickandmortyadventures.com. Www.rickandmorty.com. Www.rickandmortyadventures. All 100 years. Every minute, rickandmorty.com. [closing garage door inside] Www.100timesrickandmorty.com.
Boy, you're really gonna flip your lid over this one.
It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty. It's just like that movie you keep crowing about!
That's right, Morty! This is gonna be a lot like that, expect y'know, it's gonna me-beh... make sense.
You don't have to try and impress me, Morty!
Allah euuh... Akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math! [Goldenfold gets up] Hey! I said nobody move, buddy!
Take cover, Morty!! [Goldenfold open fires with twin assault rifles]
Goldenfold's got more control than I anticipated! I mean, the guy teaches high-school math! Eurggh... I-I-I-I didn't take him for an active dreamer! We gotta take him out so he wakes up, Morty! Be we can't get killed! If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for REAL, Morty!
Don't be a baby! You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty! Just do the same thing here and we'll be fine!
Looks like some sort of legally safe knockoff of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives!
No, no, no, I was just playing dead. Good news though, Morty, this whole thing's gonna be over really soon.
It's a dream, Morty! We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we-we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside Snuffles' dream.
It's been six hours. Dreams move one... one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So y'know, every day here is like a minute. It's like Inception, Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie.
No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. [Morty's girls leave him, disgusted] Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that—y'know—is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty. And then I got it on the dream inceptor and a piece fell in my mouth.
Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty. Here — just take these, Morty. Take these.
Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down.
It's necessary for the plan, Morty. Don't even trip, dawg.
Oh, unbelievable. We got— we got a bunch of robot... computer people sitting around with their... faces stuffed in their computer screens. Do you guys realize that Christ was born today? Jesus Christ, our savior, was born today! Ar-ar-are you people even human? What kind of Christmas is this?
[via speaker] "Hey, Bloom, it's Rick. What the hell's going on here?"
"Watch it!"
Oh, great work, Morty. [grabs extingusher] Okay, I'll just cure it and then— [Reuben flatlines] Okay, well, I can't cure death. This is bad, Morty. You're trapped in a dead man. Listen, if the situation keeps darkening, do yourself a favor and pop my Pirates of the Pancreas. Obviously, I'm biased, but I think it's great, Morty. It's a bunch of pah-ah-irates running around a pahh-pahhh-pancreas. W-We don't whitewash it either, Morty. I mean, the pirates are really rapey. The top priority is to get, y'know, you guys outta there but I'm just saying, if that becomes impossible... please, you gotta treat yourself.
Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit, Ethan!! They're inside you building a monument to compromise! Fuck 'em. Fuck those people. Fuck this whole thing, Ethan.
Uhp-uhp-uhp! Morty, keep your hands off your ding-dong! It's the only way we can speak freely. Look around you, Morty. Do you really think this wuh-world is real? You'd have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details. Look, that guy's putting a bun between two hot dogs.
Well, look at that old lady. She's-she's walking a cat on a leash.
Look, I-I-I don't want to hear about Mrs. Spencer, Morty! She's an idiot! All right, all right, there. Wh-what about that, Morty? [see an anthropomorphic Pop-Tart leaving his toaster home on his toaster car]
Oh, really, Morty? Are you sure you haven't seen that somewhere in real life before?
You're missing the point, Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No.
Well, that would be obvious to you, Morty, if you'd been paying attention.
Yeah, it's a special fuel I invented to travel through space faster than anybody else. These Zigerions are always trying to scam me out of my secrets, but they made a big mistake this time, Morty. They dragged you into this. Now they're gonna pay!
We're gonna scam the scammers, Morty. And we're gonna take 'em for everything they've got.
Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh yeah, you can't. They blew up.
[enters, drunk] Hey, Morty.
H-hey, little buddy. H-h-how're you doin' in here right now?
Y-y-you're a good kid, Morty, y-you're a l-little c-character, Morty.
Y'know, I had a really.. rocky road today, M-Morty. You're my little friend, aren't you? [sigh] We had some good times together, huh, M-Morty? We- You're a real true hero out in the field. You're a li- you're a real trooper, huh, M-M... Morty?
I really appreciate you, Morty.
You little son of a bitch!!
Y-Y- ARE YOU A SIMULATION?!!
HUH?!! ARE YOU A SIMULATION?!!!
YOU LITTLE SON OF A BITCH!!!!
I-I-I'm sorry, Morty. You're a good— you're a good kid, Morty.
You're a good— You're a good kid. [collapses]
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Come on, Morty! Do-don't-don't be like that! The universe is a crazy, chaotic place!
Oh yeah, Morty, yeah, re— Yeah, th-that's real easy to say from the sidekick position, but-but, uhh... how about next time you be in charge, and then we'll... talk about how simple and fun it is?
Okay, yeah, fine! But let's make it interesting, Morty. I-I-I-If your adventure sucks and we bail halfway through it, you lose the right to bitch about all future adventures. Plus, you have to do my laundry for a month.
Every tenth.
Washing dishes?
Yeah, d— Just don't do it.
Wow, hat trick. All right, Morty, let's put a pin in this, I gotta help your pathetic family.
Oh, Morty, y-you done did it this time. It's on. I can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart. As for you ding-dongs... [rummages box and holds a cube] this is a Meeseeks Box. Let me show you how it works. You press this— [a blue man poofs out of nowhere]
You make a request— Mr. Meeseeks, open Jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar.
—the Meeseeks fulfils the request... [Meeseeks opens jar]
—and then it stops existing. [Meeseeks poofs away]
Trust me, they're fine with it. Knock yourselves out. Just... eh-keep your requests simple. They're not gahh-ods.
Ooh, boy, Morty, you're really showing me how it's done. Reehh-al straightforward and fun.
[at green deranged staircase] What're you lookin' at, motherfucker?!
Okay, well, sometimes, science is more art than science, Morty. A lot of people don't get that.
[opens cupboard] "I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me."
[rummages freezer and fridge] Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school. I'm not sure you wanna take romantic advice from this guy, Morty. His marriage is hanging from a thread.
Jerry, it's your house. Whatever you say it is how it is, but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door. I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed.
Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
Alright, Morty, I just gotta erhp combine it with some of your DNA.
A hair, Morty. I need one of your hairs. This isn't Game of Thrones. [pluck]
Morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh? I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, Morty. It's gonna be great.
Morty, that's such a- poor use of my time, it's beneath me. Hand me the screwdriver.
Ugh... You're growing up fast, Morty. You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass.
Me, irresponsible?! Y— all I wanted you to do was hand me a screwdriver, Morty! You're the one who wanted to be— wanted me to... buckle down and make you up a... roofie-juice serum so you could roofie that... poor girl at your school! I mean— W-w-w-w... Are you kidding me, Morty?! You're gonna try to take the high road on this one?! Y-y-yo-you're a little creep, Morty! You're a— You'r-you'r-you're just a little creepy creep... person!
Now Morty, whaddaya say, buddy? Will you hand me a screwdriver so I can fix my ionic dis- defibulizer?
All right, Morty, thank you very much. We got one screw turn, and two screw turns, an—
All right, Morty, here we are.
Calm down, Morty! Look at me! Calm down, Morty!
You gotta— Calm yourself, Morty!
Morty, calm down, Morty! Morty, cal— You gotta calm down, Morty!
Morty— Will you listen to me, Morty?!
SHUT UP AND LISTEN TO ME!! It's fine! Everything is fine! There's an infinite number of realities, Morty! And a few dozen of those, I got lucky and turned everything back to normal! I just had to find one of those realities in which we also happen to both die around this time. Now we can just slip into the place of our dead selves in this reality, and everything'll be fine. We're not skipping a beat, Morty. Now help me with these bodies.
Look, Morty, I'll grab myself, you grab yourself, okay? I mean, t-th-that seems fair to me — I mean, that seems like a fair way to divvy it up.
What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty?! The answer is don't think about it! It's not like we can do this every week anyways, we get three or four more of these, tops. Now pick up your dead self and come on. Haste makes waste. [leaves, returns] I-I-I don't suppose you consider this detail, but obviously, if I hadn't screwed up as much as I did, we'd be these guys right now, so, again — you're welcome.
Look, I'm not paying 70 (erh) smidgens for a (ERHH) broken defraculator.
Well, does it defraculate?
Then- then- then it's a broken defraculator.
Yeah, yeah, and your species eat sulfur. So let's say 60 smidgens. I tell you what, I'll do you a favor. I'll throw in a fart.
Not here, Morty, we'll stop somewhere else, because you know, there's always another pawn shop.
Oh, it looks cool, huh? That's why you want it?
Okay. 60 (erhp) for the resonator, and my grandson wants the sex robot.
Wait a minute. We're here because a male Gazorpian was born on our planet.
W-W-W-We don't have time for mojitos!
I don't care, Summer! This place is the worst! I wanna go home!!
Yeah, y'know what I have to say about that?
Hooh, boy! Who let the frogs out, huh?
It's not dominated by us, okay? On Earth, men and women are equals.
Was this really the time to make that point, Summer?!
Oh, boy. Looks like you guys have been checking out alternate lives and realizing you don't have it as good, huh? That's too bad. You know, me and Morty are having a blast. We just discovered a show called "Ball Fondlers". I mean, I don't want to rub it in or anything, but you guys clearly backed the wrong conceptual horse.
Well y'know, Morty — I mean, if want to sell boxes of cereal, you gotta— you gotta pump the gas a little. Pedal to the metal, Morty.
Hey, isn't Gazorpazorp wh-where uh, where those sex robots came from? Remember that whole thing?
Yeah. Let's watch some more Gazorpazorpfieeeld.
No, Morty, it's Lorenzo Music. In this reality, he's still alive.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure. He also did the voice of that one guy from Ghostbusters, which is really strange because it's the same character Bill Murray played in the movie but then, when they made the movie, Bill Murray did the voice of uh... Gazorpazorpfiel— uh, Garfield, I mean.
I don't know. Just making conversation with you, Morty. What do you think, I-I-I... know everything about everything?
Pretty cool, huh, Morty? [no Morty but Jerry here] Oh.
I don't give a fuck what you think, Jerry!
Pass the butter. [The robot does] Thank you.
You pass butter.
Yeah, welcome to the club, pal.
Here, you can use my phone. Don't worry; it won't make you deaf because I'm not a hack.
Hey, Morty, let me-euh— let me-euuh— let me ask you a question real quick. Does evil exist, and if so, can one detect and measure it?
Rhetorical question, Morty. The answer's "yes, you just have to be a genius." [an IQ meter drops down on the monitor] Cute. Your sister's boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded.
Morty, I'm not disparaging the differently abled. I'm stating the fact that if I had used this microscope, it would have made me mentally retarded.
Well, that's retarded. [Jerry lifts the garage door open outside]
Apparently, nothing.
It's not.
Whoa!
Stay scientific, Jerry.
Have you acquired creepy specific old stuff from a mysterious antique or thrift store that gives you powers, but fucks with you in unforeseeable ways? Bring it to "Curse Purge Plus"! I-I use science to un-curse the items for cash, and you get to keep the powers. This guy got mysterious sneakers to make him run faster, but guess what? He would've had to run until he died, making them worthless. I removed the curse, making them worth, like, I don't know, $8 million? See you at the Olympics. This eerily intelligent doll was threatening to murder its family. Now it does their taxes.
Don't pay for cool stuff with your soul. Pay for it with money. You know, like how every store in the world works?
The Citadel of Ricks. It's the secret headquarters for the Council of Ricks.
As you know, Morty, I've got a lot of enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat. Galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government. Wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses, someone wants a piece of your grandpa. And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem. So a few thousand versions of me had the [yells] INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish, or... those people who answer questions on Yahoo! Answers.
Geez, you're easy to impress. Yeah, most timelines have a Rick, and most Ricks have a Morty. This place is a real who's who of who's you and me.
Dumb.
Back off! Not my cup of tea, this place. I say the point of being a Rick is being a Rick.
Hey, save your Rick rules for the ueh sheep-Ricks, Rick-pig.
Fuck you? No, no, no, no, no, fuck me!
You think I did this?! Why am I the first Rick you pull in every time a Rick stubs his toe?!
Yeah, so does The Scientist Formerly Known As Rick! W-w-wh-wh-why isn't he here in handcuffs?
I'm the Rick, and so are the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance. You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government! That makes every Rick here less Rick than me! [all other Ricks and Mortys murmur] Yeah, murmur it up, d-bags.
Yeah, it's gotta be that way. You're a camouflage.
Ricks have a very distinctive and traceable brainwave due to our genius. The best way to hide from an enemy's radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. [picks his pen] See, w-w-w-when a Rick i-is with a Morty, [writes diagram] the genius waves get canceled out by the, uh... ahe-hem... Morty waves.
Ohhh, shit, dawg! My portal gun was hacked remotely, Morty—obviously by the real killer to frame me. But I was able to trace the signal. Come on, let's go! [two Rick officers and a Morty officer enter] Uh-oh...
No, I'm just allergic to dipshits.
Oh, great. Who invited Abradolf Lincler?
It's not the same, Summer! Lincler's a crazed maniac. He's just a misguided effort of mine to create a morally neutral super-leader by combining the DNA of Adolf Hitler and Abraham Lincoln. Turns out that ehh-it just adds up to a lame, weird... loser.
Don't look at me, dude.
KICK HIS ASS, BRAD!! [everyone starts chanting] KICK HIS ASS!! KICK HIS ASS!!
[pushes him] Just did you a favor, Morty.
Let's see. Giant star in the sky, oxygen rich atmosphere, giant testicle monsters. Yeah we're good; let's keep this party going!
It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and that baby was raised by every bad word for Jews.
Don't need to. I have a-ehh ehh new catchphrase.
I love my grandkids.
Psyche! Just kidding, my new catchphrase is: "I don't give a fu-u-uck!!" [turns on boombox] Just shake that ass bitchin', let me see watch you got! Just shake that ass bitchin', let me see watch you got! Roll credits! Just shake that a—roll the credits, go! Just shake that ass! That's the end of season one! That's the end, motherfuckahs! "I don't give a fuck" is my new catchphrase!! Fuck you!! That's season one! Boom!! Season one up— in your face, motherfuckers!! Yeah!!
Huh, what do ya know—it's working. [the two Mortys and Summers begin distorting each other thoroughly] Oh... shit!
Okay, wait here.
Don't come with. It's boring, it's... [burp] it's business stuff.
Right, yeah, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street, Morty? Y-Y-Y'know what those guys do i-in-in their fancy boardrooms? They take their balls and they dip 'em in cocaine and wipe 'em all over each other—y'know, Grandpa goes around and he does his business in public, because Grandpa isn't shady. [someone knocks his window] Aw, crap. Hey, what's up?
C-Can we please? This is my grandson, Morty.
[groans] Here, go away! [K. Michael opens case]
You're g— you're giving him a card?!
Ugh... You've got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty. It's more complicated out here. These are flerbos. Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with 3,000 of these?
An entire afternoon at BLIPS AND CHI-I-I-I-I-ITZ!!!!
SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT MOON MEN!! This isn't a musical number! This is a fucking... operation, we gotta be cool and fucking lay low.
Somebody droped the dime on us... GEARHEAD!
Number One is ME, asshole! You're supposed to be my friend!
Two things I wanna' make clear to EVERYBODY in this room: never betray me, and it's time to go.
The first rule of space travel, kids, is always check out distress beacons. 9 out of 10 times, it's a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit!
I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no — can you assimilate a giraffe?
"World peace achieved." Nice. Little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. So, what's next?
Oh, goody.
[belches] I like that. Oh, that's pretty sexy. Hey, listen, where can we get a drink around here?
Unity, Unity, who am I talking to?! I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker.
Hey, listen, I've grown, too. I have! See, I've-I've reconnected with my family, right?
Maybe it's part of getting old. Maybe I just missed being with... a collective. [they both exchange kisses, upping their sexual arousal]
Wait, wait, stop! H-Hold it! Not like this. We need a hang glider, and a crotchless Uncle Sam costume, and I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads, and I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father.
Would everybody just relax for a second? There's no such thing as an "Uncle Steve", that is an alien parasite. [Steve morphs into a horrifyingly-looking alien, spraying magenta enzymes out of its mouth tentacles at Jerry. Summer and Beth gasp]
No, you haven't, Jerry! [brings it onto table] These telepathic little bastards, they embed themselves in memories and th-th-they use those to multiply and spread out, take over planets. It's-it's disgusting.
He's a real piece of shit! This is a big one. [drops it] Somebody probably tracked it in last week on the bottom of their shoe or on a piece of alien fruit.
Get off the high road, Summer! We all got pinkeye because you won't stop texting on the toilet.
No, "Steve" put that memory in your brain so he could live in your house, eat your food and multiply. We could be infested with these things. [burps, unloads laser clip] So, we got to keep an eye out for any zany, wacky characters that pop up.
Thanks, Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you.
I can't do that, Sleepy Gary. All right, everybody listen to me! I don't know if any of you guys are real, but this house has been infested with fake loved ones that spread through fake memories, and our planet will be destroyed if they get out.
You guys! We gotta hurry! I just got back from Walmart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for 149.99 on sale, plus every time you buy one, you get a $50 gift card—brings the total price down to $110 after tax! Now listen! We can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks apiece easy! They're all limited-edition "Zelda" ones! Hurry! Hurry, come with me! We can be rich, and we also all get to keep one and we can play Nintendo games! [exits, comes back] Nintendo, give me free stuff.
Okay, yes, I definitely remember doing that, but also, I would never do that!
Is anyone here even real?! AM I THE ONLY REAL PERSON ON EARTH!?!
Hey, don't blame me! I tried to shoot Summer 10 minutes ago!
Wubba lubba dub dub!! Ricky Ticky Tavi, BE-YOTCH!! And that's the WA-A-A-A-AY the news goes. Hit the sack, Jack. Uh-oh, somersault jump! AIDS!! And that's why I always say "Shum shum shlippedy dop"! GRA-A-ASS... tastes bad-ah. No jumpin' in the sewer. Burger time! Rubber baby buggy bumpers!! Lick-lick-lick my balls!! [laughs, flips screen] Yeah! Say that all the time.
Wh-what do you think, Ice? Probably a little overdeveloped.
Well, do you think, maybe— Could you give me some help with it or...?
Ice, I don't want to be a Negative Nelly or anything, but ihh-if Morty doesn't come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there, it's, uh, y'know, kind of your problem too.
What? Why not?
What the fuck? You can turn into ice?!
Take it from me, Ice. Youu can't just eh-float around space not caring about stuff forever.
Don't be, Morty. There's pros and cons to [burps] every alternate timeline. Fun facts about this one-- It's got giant, telepathic spiders, eleven 9/11s, and the best ice cream in the multiverse!
We go get some ice cream, mother-[bleep]! [Engine sputters] Oh, great.
"Quantum carburetor"? Jesus, Morty. You can't just add a [burps] Sci-Fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Huh, looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery.
Morty, remember eight seconds ago when— [burps] when you said "Go inside what?" and I said "The battery"? And then we showed up here and I wasn't like, "Whoa, this is unexpected. This is not what I was expecting, Morty. What a perplexing mystery this is."
Huh, this isn't right. This pipe's supposed to be sending 20 terawatts of juice to the... engine, Morty. Instead, we've got... zero? Now what are these people doing?!
Ugh... It's time for some hands-on engine repair. All right, Morty, hold on to something.
Thanks, Morty. I'm pretty proud of this bad boy. Check it out. [shows hologram] I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed intelligent life. I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity, which they now generate on a global scale. And, you know, some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and stuff.
It's society! They work for each other, Morty. They pay each other, they buy houses, they get married and make children that replace them when they get too old to make power.
Ooh-la-la, someone's gonna get laid in college.
[burps] Told you, Zeep.
What?
Microverse!!
[Zeep removes his antenna headband] Ugh! You bastard!! [removes Zeep's mask]
You're my battery, motherfucker! [punches Zeep] That's all you are! I made you!! Your microverse sucks!! And your miniverse is the size of a fucking lobster tank!! It's whack!!
What up, my Helsings?! Who wants to hunt a vampire?! Hahaha!
Yeah, I got bored and then I remembered this morning how I blew Summer off and I thought, "Hey, why're you such a grumpy douche, Rick? Go to the garage, transfer your mind into a younger clone of yourself, and get embroiled on in some youthful hijinks. What's the BFD?" So here I am. I'm Tiny Rick!!
Will you fix your marriage or get a divorce already?
That's Earth therapy. You might as well ask a horse to fix a merry-go-round. I mean, he'll try his best, but mostly, he's just gonna get horrified.
Alright everyone! Here’s a new dance I made! It’s called “Ooh! Let Me Out!” [Rick starts dancing and singing] Let me out! Let me out! This is not a dance! I’m begging for help, I’m pleading for help! Please come let me out! [Several people join Rick and sing with him] Let me out! Let me out! This is not a dance! I’m begging for help, I’m pleading for help! Please come let me out! I’m dying in a vat in the gara-a-age! [everyone cheers]
[regarding the Eyehole Man] You gotta be careful, Morty. If that guy catches you with a box of his Eyeholes, he comes bursting in through a window and just starts kicking the shit out of you. But it's worth the risk. They melt in your mouth, Morty. They're delicious.
I don't know, Morty. Let's see what else is on, huh? [changes channel]
Oh my God, and his name's Pichael!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, Summer, you have no idea how much money that must save production.
Geez, Morty. I take it Catherine Hefflefinger hasn't texted you back yet.
Hey, Muchacho, does your planet have wiper fluid yet or you gonna freak out and start worshipping us?
Thanks.
Yeah, sure thing. Wait a minute, what? Why?
Oh! I know what this is! You've been able to sustain world peace because you have one night a year, where you all run around robbing and murdering each other without consequence!
It's like The Purge, Morty! Th-That movie, The Purge?
No, no, but I've been to a few planets with the same gimmick. Y'know, sometimes it's called the Cleansing or the Red Time. There was this one world that called it just Murder Night. I-It's a purge planet. They're peaceful and then, y'know, they just purge.
Yeah. [beat] You wanna check it out?
Morty, if I can get to the top of that lighthouse, I can send a beacon and your sister can launch our package. Just remember, if there's people in there and they try to purge us, we got to purge them first.
Morty, if we're gonna survive tonight, you're gonna need to harness your repressed rage.
Spoken like a person with repressed rage.
Wh-what-what do you mean?
Whoa! Geez, Morty, purge it down a little.
Morty, yehh-you're acting like a ehh-freaking lunatic. Calm down.
Okay, s-sorry about that. Now, where are these rich people?
Uh, hi, everybody. I'm Ri-iick. You know, when I first met Bird Person, he was... uh... ["trail off, crumple up notes, ad-libs"; he does exactly that] Listen, I'm not the nicest guy in the universe, because I'm the smartest. And being nice is something stupid people would do to hedge their bets. Now, I haven't been exactly subtle about how little I trust marriage. I couldn't make it work and I could turn a black hole into a sun, so... at a certain point, you gotta ask yourself—what are the odds this is legit and not just some big lie we're all telling ourselves because we're afraid to die alone? Because, y'know, that's exactly how we all die—alone.
But, but... here's the thing. Bird Person is my best friend, and if he loves Tammy, well, then I love Tammy too. [all cheer and applause; Squanchy throws his "Rick's BFF" bracelet] To friendship, to love, and to my greatest adventure yet—opening myself up to others.
Oh, shit.
BIRD PERSON!!! NOOOOO!!!!
All the important points seem pretty clear, no? They think they control the galaxy, I disagree. Don't hate the player, hate the game, son.
Oh! Oh, should I have been more open and trusting and loving like, oh, I don't know—my now dead best friend?! Or your daughter, who is BFFs with an intergalactic narc?!
And now we know why!
Fuck you, Summer! And fuck the government! And fuck me for letting my guard down, which I will NEVER DO AGAIN.
I just did, Morty. Here's dessert. Fuck you.
Yeah, about going home, we can't—ever.
Oh, these guys are looking for us now. Earth will be swarming with them.
Look, anyone that wants to go back to Earth is free to go back to Earth. But here's what's gonna happen. Alien bureaucrats are gonna arrest you. They're gonna put the intergalactic equivalent of ehh-jumper cables under your nuts and/or labia and hook 'em up to an alien car battery until you tell them where I am—which I guarantee you you're not gonna know, which I guarantee they won't believe. So who's homesick? By applause. [Summer starts crying] Ladies? Anybody?
Take it easy. This is a blessing in disguise. Fuck Earth. You realize our planet's name means dirt, right? We'll find a new world. Computer, how many planets in the Milky Way are at least 90 percent similar to Earth?
How many of those are outside federal jurisdiction?
See? Our cup runneth over. Now, who wants to go shopping for a brand-new motherfuckin' world?! All right!
South pole discovered, baby! Oohhhh!! Oh, fuck, an ice cave?! Shit! [crawls into it] Things just keep on getting better! [reaches a heated area, starts shimmying at the side] Wow, it's the planet's core.
Morty! Morty, y-you gotta wake up, Morty! I need your help. The game developers have put a... whole bunch of portals all over the house and... we gotta get rid of 'em all.
Listen, Morty, this is just a licensed game, Morty. It's a licensed game, it had t— get— made quick. W-We gotta deal with it, Morty, we gotta roll our sleeves up and we gotta get down there to the garage, Morty.
Yeah! There's all kinds of stuff, Morty, you gotta come with me, come on!
What'd I tell you, Morty? There's two portals right here, see? We gotta figure this thing out, Morty.
All right, well... I'm gonna modify this vaccum to suck up the portals, Morty.
You gotta go and find me two items, Morty. Gotta go click all around the house... just keep clicking until you find me two items.
I need a glass lens... and I need a white cloth filter, Morty! Y-Y-You think you can handle that, Morty?!
All right! We can do it! We're gonna work together, do it! Hurry, Morty! Hurry!!
No, Morty, don't be an idiot! T-Th-the game developers just wanted to toss you a bone here, so they threw a sock in on the ground so you could pick it up real quick in the game and... feel all good about yourself. It's got— It's got nothing to do with anything, Morty.
Oh my Go— Mo— what's the matter with you, Morty?! That's disgusting, Morty!! I don't wanna see y-y-your naked body!! Oh my G— I'm gonna— I'm gonna puke, Morty! I...I'm gonna throw up everywhere!
Oh my God, Morty! [retching] Ugh, I'm gonna throw up, Morty!
Oh my God, Morty! We did it! We just sucked up all the portals, Morty! We did it!
We beat the game, Morty!
Whattaya think— Whattaya thinks gonna happen next, Morty?
Prepare to be disappointed, Morty. All we get... is a bunch of credits of people you don't know, Morty! Look at 'em roll! That's all you get for all this... work we did, Morty!
Morty! Y'know... you gotta learn something about life, Morty. Sometimes... y'know, you're gonna click around a lot, and all you're gonna get is a stupid credit sequence, Morty!
Shut up, Morty! I'm gonna really— I'm gonna— I'm gonna... beat you up, Morty!
I'm beating you up, Morty! That's what people get! That's the— that's the reward! They get to see me beat you up!
Beating you up, Morty!
[walks by] Ahhh... This smells like another good chapter of the "Rick and Morty" game.
I'm just gonna keep talking, I can't hear anything. [takes petri dish with Morty]
The developers really... pulled all the stops on this one.
I'm taking this petri dish and I'm putting it in the refrigerator.
All right, I'm outta here.
Oh my God, Morty! What did you do to my weird... little seahorse version of me?!
Oh my God, Morty, you killed him! You killed— You realize what you've done, Morty?!
You beat the... Chapter 2 of the "Rick and Morty Adventure Game"! Good work, Morty!
No, no, Morty, Morty, it's fine. We beat the game, that's all that means.
Yeah, Morty. Guess what we could do now?
We're gonna eat... cake. Here, have some cake, Morty.
Yeah, here's-here's— here's some... cinematic images of us eating cake.
Yeah, it's really great. Now, guess what happens. I'm gonna beat you up, Morty! [queue next image of him shoving a piece of cake into Morty's mouth]
That's right, Morty! I'm beating you up now! [punching sounds are heard]
Uhh! Take that! Uh, you little rapscallion!
That's what you get, Morty, for beating the game! Chapter 2! Chapter 2, "Rick and Morty Game"!
Look what I just got on my inventory! Motherflippin' tranquillizer gun, bitch! Someone's gonna get tranquillized! Maybe, I dunno, it might— who knows if there's any actual... use for this thing, but nice to have it. Nice to have in my inventory.
Ugh, God, my ears are bleeding... make it stop!
Why did you wake me up for, Morty?! I-I was hoping to sleep through this chapter of the... "Rick and Morty" adventure... series.
Ooh, boy! Look at Summer, huh, Morty? She's all jumbled up, y'know, on account of my brand-new invention that I just created: the Jumbler. [name pops up] The Jumbler got its name because it does something that I like to call jumbling. What it doesn't—
Yeah, no problem. I just need a... a photo of you before you were jumbled.
Wh-why would you lock your closet?! What's the matter with you, you're trying to draw this thing out?!
Listen, I'm sure there's some convoluted adventure gamey way we can do that, but I'm just gonna cut to the chase and remove one of Morty's dimensions, so he only has width and no height. Get ready, Morty!
Too late, Morty, you're one-dimensional now! Episode 3: Rick and Morty Adventure 1-D! Now get in there, Morty!
Oh, good job, Morty, you did it! You won the game! E-ehhpi...sode 3, you did it. Roll the credits! Game over! E-End of the video game! We all beat it!
It doesn't work that way, Morty. It only removes Ds. You're gonna have to find another way to... give you that extra D back.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll fix you too. We just gotta get a picture of you, and some DNA before you got jumbled. So hey, I guess I'm playing the game now! It's a whole new level of fun! You can control me now. Check me out, I'm part of the... contr— controls.
Morty! Here's your D back. Half a double-D bra, get it? Aren't these game developers clever? I mean, it's a pun-based solution but... in video game world it makes complete sense, so here's your D back, Morty. Take it and swallow it.
That's right! I won the game, Morty! Episode 3 has come to an end! And here go the credits! This is it, baby! We got that— get the credits on the train!
Yeah, alright, okay. I gotta unjumble Summer first. Jeez, you people... You're a pain in my ass.
Morty! You gotta help me!
Morty, grab those wire cutters for me, quick!
My wire cutters! Ah, geez, those are my only pair. I need those to fix my portal gun, but now... Morty has 'em and he's taken away. Oh, this sounds like the perfect setup for... Chapter 4 of the "Rick and Morty Puzzle Adventure Game." ["*not the actual title"] Buckle into your seatbelts for a r-ride of your life, 'cause now you can control us separately.
Morty, I installed audio communication devices in our ears.
Where are you, Morty?
You gotta get me those wire cutters back, and then I'll be able to get you outta— back home outta there, and then everything'll be— that'll be the end of the game, Morty.
